Replace the dead appdirs dependency by platformdirs (#811)
thp/urlwatch: CHANGELOG.md

- Remove EOL'd Python 3.7 (new minimum requirement is Python 3.8), add Python 3.12 testing
- Adds optional `reply_to` option for email reporters (#794 by trevorshannon)

> - Replace the dead depency `appdirs` by `platformdirs` (by Maxime Werlen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the dead dependency `appdirs` with `platformdirs` (#811 by Maxime Werlen)
```

Author: Thanks @Jamstah for the review and for correcting my typo :)
